/*
								Master List of Status Effects 
		
	Positive Status Effects That Increase Resistances (3 tiers)
	
		"Fleeting Charm" effect items (33 point increase to specified resistance)
			Note: only one (1) charm of any type can be active at a time (new charm overwrites old charm)
				Turns: 1-6 
	
			Fleeting Fire Charm 
				"character became slightly resistant to fire-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Fire Charm wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Water Charm 
				"character became slightly resistant to water-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Water Charm wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Ice Charm 
				"character became slightly resistant to ice-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Ice Charm wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Electricity Charm 
				"character became slightly resistant to electricity-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Electricity Charm wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Poison Charm 
				"character became slightly resistant to poison-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Poison Charm wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Sonic Charm 
				"character became slightly resistant to sonic-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Sonic Charm wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Plasma Charm 
				"character became slightly resistant to plasma-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Plasma Charm wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Wind Charm 
				"character became slightly resistant to wind-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Wind Charm wore out!" 			
	
		"Fleeting Guard" effect items (66 point increase to specified resistance)
			Note: only one (1) guard of any type can be active at a time (new guard overwrites old guard)
				Turns: 2-4 
	
			Fleeting Fire Guard 
				"character became more resistant to fire-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Fire Guard wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Water Guard 
				"character became more resistant to water-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Water Guard wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Ice Guard 
				"character became more resistant to ice-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Ice Guard wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Electricity Guard 
				"character became more resistant to electricity-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Electricity Guard wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Poison Guard 
				"character became more resistant to poison-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Poison Guard wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Sonic Guard 
				"character became more resistant to sonic-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Sonic Guard wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Plasma Guard 
				"character became more resistant to plasma-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Plasma Guard wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Wind Guard 
				"character became more resistant to wind-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Wind Guard wore out!" 		

		"Fleeting Proof" effect items (100 point increase to specified resistance)
			Note: only one (1) proof of any type can be active at a time (new proof overwrites old proof)
				Turns: 3 
	
			Fleeting Fire Proof 
				"character became greatly resistant to fire-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Fire Proof wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Water Proof 
				"character became greatly resistant to water-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Water Proof wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Ice Proof 
				"character became greatly resistant to ice-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Ice Proof wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Electricity Proof 
				"character became greatly resistant to electricity-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Electricity Proof wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Poison Proof 
				"character became greatly resistant to poison-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Poison Proof wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Sonic Proof 
				"character became greatly resistant to sonic-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Sonic Proof wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Plasma Proof 
				"character became greatly resistant to plasma-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Plasma Proof wore out!" 
			
			Fleeting Wind Proof 
				"character became greatly resistant to wind-based attacks!"
				"character's Fleeting Wind Proof wore out!" 	
	
	Status Effects That Remove Negative Status Effects That Reduce Resistances 
		
		Note: status effect is removed and the affect is had on the resistance type set to 0 if not removed 
		
			Remove Dry
				Effect: removes negative status effect "Dry"
		
			Remove Wet 
				Effect: removes negative status effect "Wet"
		
			Remove Cold 
				Effect: removes negative status effect "Cold"
		
			Remove Conductive 
				Effect: removes negative status effect "Dry"
		
			Remove Sickness 
				Effect: removes negative status effect "Dry"
		
			Remove Hypersensitive 
				Effect: removes negative status effect "Dry"
		
			Remove Coated 
				Effect: removes negative status effect "Dry"
		
			Remove Lightweight 
				Effect: removes negative status effect "Dry"
	
	Negative Status Effects That Reduce Resistances (curable only by item or skill)
	
		Note: impact of status depends on skill used by enemy 
		ex: 
			poison by regular enemy does 4% max hp damage per turn
			poison by boss enemy does 8% max hp damage per turn
				both curable with same item or skill 
		
		Note: status effect on stat can stack 
		ex: 
			poison by regular enemy does 4% current hp damage per turn
			poison by boss enemy does 8% current hp damage per turn
				total poison damage to current hp is 12% 
	
		Dry 
			"character became more vulnerable to fire-based attacks!" 
			"character's Fire Resistance returned to normal!" 
				Turns: infinite
					Effect: Fire Resistance Down, Electricity Resistance up
	
		Wet	
			"character became more vulnerable to electricity and ice-based attacks!"
			"character's Electricity Resistance and Ice Resistance returned to normal!" 
				Turns: infinite
					Effect: Electricity Resistance Down, Ice Resistance Down
		
		Cold 
			"character became more vulnerable to ice and water-based attacks!"
			"character's Ice Resistance and Water Resistance returned to normal!" 
				Turns: infinite 
					Effect: Ice Resistance Down, Water Resistance Down, Fire Resistance Up

		Conductive 
			"character became more vulnerable to electricity-based attacks!"
			"character's Electricity Resistance returned to normal!" 
				Turns: infinite 
					Effect: Electricity Resistance Down

		// lowers poison resistance due to low immune system
		Sickness 
			"character became more vulnerable to poison-based attacks!"
			"character's Poison Resistance returned to normal!" 
				Turns: infinite 
					Effect: Poison Resistance Down 
	
		// lowers sonic resistance due to sensitive ears 
		Hypersensitive
			"character became more vulnerable to sonic-based attacks!"
			"character's Sonic Resistance returned to normal!" 
				Turns: infinite
					Effect: Sonic Resistance Down
	
		// lowers plasma resistance due to being coated with substance that increases potency of plasma weapons 
		Coated 
			"character became more vulnerable to plasma-based attacks!"
			"character's Plasma Resistance returned to normal!"
				Turns: infinite
					Effect: Plasma Resistance Down
	
		// lower wind resistance due to enemy making a character more easily blown about by 
		// affecting the character's connection between themselves and the ground (friction)
		Lightweight
			"character became more vulnerable to wind-based attacks!" 
			"character's Wind Resistance returned to normal!" 
				Turns: infinite
					Effect: Wind Resistance Down 
			
	
	
	Negative Status Effects That Reduce Character Attributes (categorized by type)
		
		Party member taken out of battle (incapacitated, ect.)
			
			KO
				Attribute affected: current hp
					Effect: character is knocked out (KO) once current hp reaches 0 and 
							cannot participate in battle until KO status is removed; the 
							game will end once all party members are Ko'ed 
						Cure: items, stamina skills, nano skills 
			
			Cocooned
				Attribute affected: current hp
					Effect: character is forcibly placed within a makeshift cocoon and 
							cannot move in battle until the cocoon is destroyed; the 
							game will end once all party members are cocooned or if the
							last party member "alive" is cocooned
						Cure: physical attacks, fire attacks
			
			Captured 
				Attribute affected: current hp
					Effect: character is captured by the enemy and cannot move in battle
							until the mechanism that initiated the capture is destroyed;
							the game will end if the character remains captured and all
							party members are KO
						Cure: stamina skills, nano skills 
			
			Absorbed
				Attribute affected: current hp
					Effect: character is absorbed by the enemy; instant game over 
						Cure: none 

			Death
				Attribute affected: current hp
					Effect: character is killed by the enemy; instant game over
						Cure: none 
			
			Frozen
				Attribute affected: current hp
					Effect: character is frozen in ice; instant game over 
						Cure: none 
			
			Incinerated
				Attribute affected: current hp
					Effect: character is reduced to ash; instant game over 
		
		All Character Attributes Negatively Affected
		
			Grazed (tier 1 injury)
				Attribute Affected: Max Hp Down, Current Hp Down, Attack Down, Defense
									Down, Nano Down, Stamina Down, Dexterity Down, 
									Critical Down, Accuracy Down, Nano Attack Down,
									Nano Defense Down 
					Effect: character has a small injury which reduces all stats by 10%
						Cure: Nano skills, medical professional 
			
			Hurt (tier 2 injury)
				Attribute Affected: Max Hp Down, Current Hp Down, Attack Down, Defense
									Down, Nano Down, Stamina Down, Dexterity Down, 
									Critical Down, Accuracy Down, Nano Attack Down,
									Nano Defense Down 
					Effect: character has a significant injury which reduces all stats 
							by 20%
						Cure: Nano skills, medical professional 
			
			Wounded (tier 3 injury)
				Attribute Affected: Max Hp Down, Current Hp Down, Attack Down, Defense
									Down, Nano Down, Stamina Down, Dexterity Down, 
									Critical Down, Accuracy Down, Nano Attack Down,
									Nano Defense Down 
					Effect: character has a grave injury which reduces all stats by 30%
						Cure: Nano skills, medical professional 
			
			Withdrawal 
				Attribute Affected: Max Hp Down, Current Hp Down, Attack Down, Defense
									Down, Nano Down, Stamina Down, Dexterity Down, 
									Critical Down, Accuracy Down, Nano Attack Down,
									Nano Defense Down 
					Effect: character experiences withdrawal from certain item which 
							results in all stats being reduced by 5% per turn for 5
							turns; all stats then recover by 5% per turn for 5 turns 
						Cure: Time, Nano skills, medical professional 
			
			Irradiated
				Attribute Affected: Max Hp Down, Current Hp Down, Attack Down, Defense
									Down, Nano Down, Stamina Down, Dexterity Down, 
									Critical Down, Accuracy Down, Nano Attack Down,
									Nano Defense Down 
					Effect: character suffers radiation poisoning which reduces all 
							stats by 10% per turn
						Cure: Nano skills, medical professional 

		Character Attributes Improved Near KO
		
			Desperation
				Attributes Affected: Attack, Dexterity, Nano Attack, Critical
					Effect: attack related attributes are boosted the close character 
							is to KO starting when the character is >= 25% of Max Hp 
							and <= 1% of Max Hp. Maximum power boost is 1.5 of base
							stats. 
						Cure: Healing
					
		General Increase and Decrease in Character Attributes (portion of list may/may not be useful)
						
			Character Attribute Current Hp Affected 
			
				Ablaze 
					Attribute Affected: Current Hp Down
						Effect: character is on fire so current hp is lowered by 7% per turn 
							Turns: 2-3
								Cure: Time 
			
				Bleed
					Attribute Affected: Current Hp Down
						Effect: character bleeds due to injuries reducing current hp by 4% 
								per turn
							Turns: 4-6
								Cure: Time, items, Nano skills 
	
				Poisoned
					Attribute Affected: Current Hp Down
						Effect: character is poisoned reducing current hp by 6% per turn
							Turns: infinite 
								Cure: items, Nano skills 
				
				Hp Regen
					Attribute Affected: Current Hp Up 
						Effect: character recovers current hp by 4% of Max Hp per turn
							Turns: 5 
		
			Character Attribute Attack Affected 
		
				Attack Up 
		
				Attack Down
				
				Focus
					Attribute Affected: AttackUp
						Effect: boosts attack and nano attack 
							Turns: 1 
				
			Character Attribute Defense Affected 
		
				Defense Up 
		
				Defense Down
			
				Defend
					Attribute Affected: Defense Up, Stamina Up
						Effect: halve physical damage received and recovers stamina by 
								8% of Max Stamina
							Turns: 1 
		
			Character Attribute Nano Affected 
		
				Nano Up
		
				Nano Down
				
				Np Regen
					Attribute Affected: Nano Up 
						Effect: character recovers current nano by 4% of Max Nano per turn
							Turns: 5 
				
			Character Attribute Stamina Affected 
		
				Stamina Up
		
				Stamina Down
				
				Sp Regen 
					Attribute Affected: Stamina 
						Effect: regenerate Current Sp by 4% of Max Sp every turn 
							Turns: 5
		
			Character Attribute Dexterity Affected 
		
				Dexterity Up
		
				Dexterity Down
				
				Rush 
					Attribute Affected: Dexterity 
						Effect: boosts character's Dexterity (and fills ATB Guage faster???)
							Turns: 3
							
			Character Attribute Critical Affected 
		
				Critical Up 
		
				Critical Down
				
				Lock On 
					Attribute Affected: Critical 
						Effect: boosts character's Critical rate by 25%
							Turns: 3
		
			Character Attribute Accuracy (Accuracy) Affected 
		
				Accuracy Up
		
				Accuracy Down
			
				Blinded
					Attribute affected: Accuracy down 
						Effect: character cannot see very well due to being temporarily
								blinded by an opponent's attack 
							Turns: 2-3 
		
			Character Attribute Nano Attack Affected 
		
				Nano Attack Up
		
				Nano Attack Down
				
			Character Attribute Nano Defense Affected 
		
				Nano Defense Up
		
				Nano Defense Down
		
				Nano Shield 
					Attribute Affected: Defense, Nano Defense 
						Effect: shield the body in nanomachines and halve damage taken 
								from nanomachine attacks and resistance based attacks 
							turns:1 
				
				Nano Armor
					Attribute Affected: Defense 
						Effect: completely	nullify all physical attacks
							turns: infinite until removed 
		
		Special Statuses
		
			Shutdown
				Attribute Affected: Nano, Nano Attack, Nano Defense 
						Effect: nanomachine skills can no longer be used 
							turns: infinite until removed 
			
			Revitalize
				Attribute Affected: none 
					Effect: character  attacks the enemy uncontrollably (may use skills)
						Turns: 8 turns (or infinite until removed IDK) 
			
			Wait
				Attribute Affected: Stamina 
					Effect: character does not move for a turn and regains 14% of Max Stamina
						Turns: 1
		
		General Increase and Decrease in Resistances (portion of list may/may not be useful)
		
			Character Fire Resistance Affected
		
				Fire Resistance Up
		
				Fire Resistance Down
		
			Character Water Resistance Affected 
		
				Water Resistance Up
		
				Water Resistance Down
		
			Character Ice Resistance Affected
		
				Ice Resistance Up 
		
				Ice Resistance Down
		
			Character Electricity Resistance Affected
		
				Electricity Resistance Up
			
				Electricity Resistance Down
			
			Character Poison Resistance Affected
			
				Poison Resistance Up
			
				Poison Resistance Down
			
			Character Sonic Resistance Affected
		
				Sonic Resistance Up
			
				Sonic Resistance Down
			
			Character Plasma Resistance Affected
		
				Plasma Resistance Up
		
				Plasma Resistance Down
		
			Character Wind Resistance Affected
			
				Wind Resistance Up
		
				Wind Resistance Down		
		
		Status That Affects MC Only 
		
			Note: exclusive weakness for MC
			
			Tempted
				Attribute Affected: Defense 
					Effect: character takes more damage from female opponents
						Turns: 1-4 

		Status That Affects Party Member Behavior 
		
			Confused
				Attribute Affected: none 
					Effect: character makes a random action against friend/enemy
						Turns: 1-5 
			
			Enamored
				Attribute Affected: none 
					Effect: character temporarily falls in love with a party member 
							(actions may very)
						Turns: 1-4 
			
			Infatuated
				Attribute Affected: none 
					Effect: character assists enemy by helping the enemy in battle
						Turns: 1-3 
			
			Berserk
				Attribute Affected: none 
					Effect: character  attacks the enemy uncontrollably (may use skills)
						Turns: 8 turns (or infinite until removed IDK) 
		
		Status That Affect Turns In Battle 
	
			Flinched 
				Attribute affected: none 
					Effect: character cannot make a move until the next turn in order 
							to recover from the opponent's attack 
						Turns: 1 
			
			Stunned 
				Attribute affected: Defense Down, Dexterity Down
					Effect: character cannot make a move as a result of being sent reeling 
							from an opponent's attack
						Turns: 1-2 
			
			Scared 
				Attribute affected: none 
					Effect: fear may cause the character to not make a move at all
						Turns: 1-2 
			
			Bound
				Attribute affected: Dexterity 
					Effect: character is bound/constrained in some way and cannot 
							move for a time
						Turns: 2-3 
			
			Sleep 
				Attribute affected: Defense Down, Dexterity, Nano Defense Down
					Effect: character falls asleep and cannot make a move
						Turns: 1-5 
			
			Tranced
				Attribute affected: Defense Down, Nano Defense Down
					Effect: character is captivated somehow and refuses to move
						Turns: 1-3
	
			Shocked
				Attribute affected: Dexterity Down, Critical Down
					Effect: character may/may not make a move aside from being 
							slowed down
						Turns: 1-4 
			
			Slowed
				Attribute affected: Dexterity 
					Effect: character is slowed down somehow
						Turns: 2-3
	
			Stopped
				Attribute affected: Dexterity 
					Effect: character is frozen in place by nanomachines
						Turns: 2-3
			
			Slimed
				Attribute affected: Dexterity 
					Effect: character is slowed down and made more vulnerable to nano 
							attakcs
						Turns: 1-4
			
			Tired 
				Attribute affected: none 
					Effect: character must take a turn to recovery after using a strong 
							attack 
						Turns: 1
	
	Status That Nullifies All Positive Status Effects

		Nullify Positive Effects
			Effect: Nullify all positive effects 
	
	Status That Nullifies All Negative Status Effects
	
		Nullify Negative Effects
			Effect: Nullify all Negative effects 
	
	Status That Nullifies All Status Effects
	
		Nullify All Status Effects
			Effect: Nullify all status effects 
*/
